Hi, Israq21 here
Today, I will recap a movie called Life Like
Life Like is a 2019 science-fiction drama film
This is spoiler content video, Enjoy the video and let’s start the story
The film begins by showing a young couple named Sophie, and James, they are a newly married couple,
while kissing, James got a call that his father had died,
Since then, James and Sophie moved into his father's luxury house
apart from a luxurious house, James also inherited his father's job,
but unfortunately, Sophie is not used to this luxurious life,
Sophie didn't want any maids to serve her, even though, the maids worked happily, Sophie still didn't want anyone other than the two of them,
Sophie finally fired all the maids in her house by giving them 2 years' salary,
James, who knew this at first, was disappointed with Sophie.
Because for such a big house there had to be a maid to serve them, but James could only obey and accept what his wife wanted.
After that because they felt hot, so they are making love in the bed,
long story short, when James was busy at work, Sophie called him, because she needed his help to start an engine,
So James repaired the machine at night, but he was unable to turn it back on,
Sophie who was still not used to her new environment and James who was always busy at work, sophie finally started to complain, even though she herself fired all of her maids
James finally went to a company that develops modern robots that look exactly like humans, the robots will be rented out to customers as waiters
In The company, James is going to rent this beautiful robot, but Sophie does not agree
because the robot looks beautiful and perfect to be a servant at her house, Sophie is afraid that she will be jealous of the robot,
Finally, they both agreed to hire a male robot named, Henry, to be a maid in their house,
at first, there were no problems, Henry as a robot prepares breakfast every morning, and cuts the grass as ordered by his owner,
when Sophie was about to wear clothes, she didn't expect Henry to be in her room, and Sophie told Henry to get out of her room,
Sophie who feel uncomfortable with Hendry starting to complain to James, while he was very busy with his work,
Until finally, their relationship became increasingly strained,
on the sidelines of the relationship between James and Sophie was tenuous,
Sophie began to close with Henry,
Sophie feels lonely because James is rarely home now, so Sophie tries to spend more time with Henry,
Sophie tells Henry to read a book that contains emotions and feelings that humans feel,
but Sophie shouldn't be given the book to Henry,
because the robot's intelligence system will adapt to it, so Henry will have feelings and a love like humans,
when at night, Sophie woke up hearing something outside her house,
Sophie came out of the house, and it turned out that Henry was sleeping outside without wearing any clothes at all.
Henry said, that he dreams of being a human,
The next day, James and Sophie, who felt the strangeness of Henry's robot, immediately went to meet Julian, the owner of the robot company,
Julian said, it was because they over-developed Henry's emotions,
James and Sophie treat Henry too much like a human,
after returning home, James blamed Sophie for being closer to Henry recently,
Sophie spends most of her time at home with Henry,
Especially, when Sophie tells Hendri to read books about emotions and feelings, and then discuss them with Henry,
Long story short, after coming home from work, James found a letter from Sophie,
but it had long been made by Sophie for James, precisely when they first moved to the house, But James had only just read it now,
after that, he took the initiative to put candles in his room to invite Sophie, to sleep together and making love,
but unfortunately, Sophie refused it,
The next day, James is very confused with his work, while Sophie was busy chatting with Henry,
Henry said that he had felt emotions in him, and felt that he was programmed to make Sophie happy,
Henry misunderstood the meaning,
So that later he will serve Sophie and James without any restrictions at all, including sleep together and making love with them,
At this time, Sophie is starting to like Henry,
Sophie even dreams of making love with Henry,
when James went to work, Sophie accidentally opened her bedroom door, and sighed on the bed, so henry could hear her moans,
when satisfied, Sophie came out and saw Henry who was just watching her,
Sophie also asked Henry to accompany her to swim,
and it turns out, that James hasn't gone to work yet, he feels jealous seeing their closeness,
James is going to consult with Julian about Henry,
Julian said that Henry's behavior would match what his owner wanted, so if Sophie likes Henry, Henry will also like Sophie.
Then James told Henry not to interact with Sophie anymore,
but Henry complained to Sophie, which eventually, James and Sophie argued again,
Then Sophie left the house for a few days,
At this time, it's just james and henry alone in the house,
when james asks for his razor to Henry, Henry comes without clothes at all,
then Henry explains that he only wants to make them both happy,
when henry shaved james's beard, henry suddenly got closer and immediately kissed James,
James, who didn't make love last night with sophie, immediately vented his lust for Henry,
and there was a samurai sword fight
The next day, James didn't seem to remember what happened last night,
he thought, it was just a dream, so he is going straight to his office,
in his office, james invites Sophie to get better, but Sophie still can't accept James back,
it turns out, that sophie secretly always comes home, when james goes to work, She only want to meet with Henry,
Because Sophie feels hot, so Sophie make love with Henry,
but when Henry said the word, I love you, Sophie was immediately shocked,
because Henry's robot should not be programmed to love his owner,
but Henry innocently said, that he just wanted to make his owner happy,
so Henry expressed it by saying I love you to Sophie,
At this time, Henry had crossed the line
and when James came home, he found Sophie sitting by the fire,
and Sophie said that Henry had kissed her
James was disappointed with Sophie, because actually, Henry's robot will do what his owner wants, and when Henry kisses Sophie, then that's what Sophie wants,
James also came to Henry and punched him, then pulled out Henry's bed, so he couldn't get up
The next day, James and Sophie are waiting for Julian's arrival,
but Henry had not yet woken up from his bed,
because it was too long waiting, james goes to work,
then suddenly henry come, then wondering to sophie,
why did you turn off my bed ?
what was wrong with me ?
Henry also explain, that he was programmed only to make James and Sophie happy, so that's why he did what his owner wanted,
Henry also told Sophie about the samurai sword fight he had with James,
Henry told that he was sleeping with James,
Not long after that, Julian came, but Sophie had to go see James in his office,
At this time, we get an oddity, the bruises on Henry's face after being punched by James, it shouldn't be bruised like that, because Henry is a robot
Julian also went to Henry and ordered him to go to his bed,
but Henry had realized that Julian had been lying to him all this time,
Suddenly, the scene returns to Sophie who is angry, because James has sleep together with Henry,
but James explains, that he did it because he was rejected when he asked Sophie for making love that night, so he finally took it out on Henry,
Well, because they both made mistakes, they finally made up again,
when they came home, They were surprised by Hendry who was outside without wearing clothes,
Henry has realized that all along he is a human,
Julian has lied to Henry, and all the fake robots in his company,
Julian adopted and educated them to be robots from infancy to adulthood, and of course it’s only for business,
The FBI also confiscated Julian's company, and evacuated all the humans who were turned into robots,
they should get some more guidance, because their brains have been brainwashed by Julian,
when James and Sophie and 2 FBI members returned home to look for Henry,
the 2 FBI members were immediately shot dead by Julian,
Julian said, that James and Sophie had destroyed the business he had built with his father,
He also told the origins of Henry who was a wasted baby with bruises,
and was finally adopted by Julian to be a fake robot,
When they wanted to shoot Sophie and James,
Henry suddenly came and killed Julian,
Then Henry took a knife, and cut open his stomach, because he wanted to prove that he is a human,
When Henry was dying, Henry also apologized to james and sophie for destroying his household,
but they said, you taught us to love each other, and accept each other's shortcomings,
we love you, henry,
I'm really sad here, I swear...
finally, Henry died
5 years later,
James and Sophie have grown old, and they have a child named, Henry,
they named him, henry, because Hendy is a special person who has ever existed in their life
and the movie is
over
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it,
Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button,
See you on another video